brought to you by 1a auto calm your
source for quality replacement parts and
the best service on the Internet hi I'm
Mike from 1a auto I hope this how-to
video helps you out and next time you
need parts for your vehicle
think of 1a auto calm thanks in this
video we're going to show you how to
remove and reinstall a front door panel
on this 2003 Honda Odyssey same as a
99204 Odyssey we do the driver's side
passenger side is the same procedure the
only tools you'll need are a small flat
blade screwdriver and a Phillips
screwdriver okay start with a small
screwdriver and if you look into this
cup here there's a little trapdoor pry
up and you can see a Phillips screw
there and then there would be another
trap door here but it's missing on this
vehicle but there's a Phillips screw
there okay remove these 2 Phillips
screws
can they pull up and then back let's
pull it out and there's two connectors
they both have just little tabs right in
the middle top here on this blue one
press it down okay in this brown one
press down pull it out the door handle
pulls forward then out and again now
there's a clip here on a rod just push
that clip either with your finger or the
screwdriver push that clip around pull
the rod up out and then there's at a
connector here pull that off small
screwdriver right up here pull this out
a little bit what was going on
underneath try it out pull that up put
the bottom and work your finger
underneath and pull firmly release the
clips and probably not going to release
your door files never bit off may be a
little more difficult to release release
those clips and lift your pail up off
and then your speaker is connected right
down here and the tab is kind of there's
two tabs on each side just squeeze the
connector and pull it off
first all put the speaker speaker back
in
make sure your doors unlocked this right
back up push the block out out get a lot
of light and start it in there push it
against the windowsill and down make
sure you unlock here window there we
activate all those tabs but this is a
little tap the bottom push that in and
down your door handle ready
kicked we're going to lock if you have
it pull this rod out put it down pin
flip the clip around and walk it on and
it will goes in just slide it back
this week at the balloon clip in the
back
Brown clip plug it first slide forward
down in
the screws back on
Oh
we hope this helps you out
brought to you by ww1 aro calm your
source for quality replacement parts and
the best service on the internet please
feel free to call us toll free 888 4 4 3
3 9 3 we're the company that's here for
you on the internet and in person